# Enigma Simulation
**Abstract**: A small script for a first exploration of cryptographic issues; based on the enigma machine. Encrypts a message or decrypt one based on its key.

## Background
As a personal exercise of cryptography studying, insighted after watch (again) The Imitation Game, I wrote this program firstly to give a glimpse of code development to 9th grade math stutends.

As a begginer dev, I soon realize that, despite the simplicity of the idea, it has its challenges.

Firstly, I create an array (chars) of the charaters to use. After that, I wrote a function (index_drawer) to draw and return random indexes to generate a cryptographic key (hereafter cited as CK; it is based on the aforementioned array "chars").

Secondly, I went for a function (cryptor) that encrypts a given message: it does so by generating a set of arrays based on a CK generated by the function index_drawer, returning the CK, the encrypted message and the plain text. It worked well in general and rapidly I got it functional.

Thirdly, I build a function to decrypt (decryptor) a given message and its CK. This one were for me an additional headache (as I already had one :weary:). I soon got it functional, but without knowing it: I took too long to realize that a problem I had wasn't the decryptor itself, but its use in the main function.

Lastly, the main function uses the cryptor and decryptor functions in an user void method. The problem aforementioned was that the inputable CK string weren't converting the CK numbers to integers; but my fault was to ignore that the input type were strings (certaliny due to my headache).

I'm happy that I could wrote it without searching as well as after so much time without coding.

## List and string comprehensions

Despite I know that to use list and string comprehension (on cryptor and decryptor process) would improve the code, I feared that it would make the readabilty low. I ignore, as I did'nt study algorithm complexity yet, how much these comprehensions would improve the speed.
